Merge WCTE to WCSim_v1.11.0 (#353)
WCSim/WCSim: mPMT-configfiles/mPMTconfig_Position_WCTE.txt

> PMT position table for custom PMT placement. The direction is just for referenec by not used.

Reviewer: You've got a typo here, and a grammar mistake. I think this is what you mean
```suggestion
PMT position table for custom PMT placement. The direction is just for reference and is not used.
```
